about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

> Below is my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/riyadrivandi) description. It has a lot of buzzwords. It is good for SEO.

After realizing that watching YouTube in bed all day is not a sustainable career choice, I tried to code and gradually grew into it. Then I started freelancing around 2013, doing web development or algorithm implementation which are fundamentals for my current works.

I particularly enjoy increasing accuracy and decreasing response time. I aspire to be intersection of data science and data engineering.

My favorite responsibility is learning technology or theory that helps product delivery, and creating its proof of concept. Be it related to high-availability, software performance, machine learning, data storage, or open source in general, I'm happy to explore, share, and discuss (well, except for visual stuffs).

> I don't like creating pretty visuals.
> Thanks to great designers out there that lets me use their stuffs for free.

After throwing buzzwords around office, I go back hiding in my bedroom then dabble on whatever I find interesting or just lay in bed doing nothing for hours.

> Actually I just want to lay in my bed, browsing the net, and eating great foods.
> Everyday. Like sloth. Sloth is the best.

Commit message:

modifying site details & about page

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

This is a place to store notes and rants about the IT computer thingies. The name `overdue optimization` itself doesn't mean anything but cheap attempt to look smart by antagonizing Don Knuth.

Below is my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/riyadrivandi) description. It has a lot of buzzwords. It is good for SEO.

> After realizing that watching YouTube in bed all day is not a sustainable career choice, I tried to code and gradually grew into it. Then I started freelancing around 2013, doing web development or algorithm implementation which are fundamentals for my current works.

Actually I just had financial problem.

> I particularly enjoy increasing accuracy and decreasing response time. I aspire to be intersection of data science and data engineering.

Don't even know what that means.

> My favorite responsibility is learning technology or theory that helps product delivery, and creating its proof of concept. Be it related to high-availability, software performance, machine learning, data storage, or open source in general, I'm happy to explore, share, and discuss (well, except for visual stuffs).

I can't program HTML and CSS.

> After throwing buzzwords around office, I go back hiding in my bedroom then dabble on whatever I find interesting or just lay in bed doing nothing for hours.

Actually I just want to lay in my bed, browsing the net, and eating great foods everyday.
